# Seam Components Sample Apps

_This repository contains sample applications.
The source code for Seam Components may be found at [seamapi/react](https://github.com/seamapi/react)._

Seam Components are a set of white-labeled UI elements that can be added to your application in seconds.
With these components, you can offer advanced device management features to your users without needing to develop complex logic for managing device state,
refreshing data, and performing actions.

## Description

Each directory contains a standalone web app using [Seam Components].
Each app was generated by following the official documentation
provided by the framework.

[Seam Components]: https://docs.seam.co/latest/seam-components/overview

## Contributing

1. Create your feature branch (`git checkout -b my-new-feature`).
2. Make changes.
3. Commit your changes (`git commit -am 'Add some feature'`).
4. Push to the branch (`git push origin my-new-feature`).
5. Create a new draft pull request.
6. Ensure all checks pass.
7. Mark your pull request ready for review.
8. Wait for the required approval from the code owners.
9. Merge when ready.

## License

This project is licensed under the MIT license.

## Warranty

This software is provided by the copyright holders and contributors "as is" and
any express or implied warranties, including, but not limited to, the implied
warranties of merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose are
disclaimed. In no event shall the copyright holder or contributors be liable for
any direct, indirect, incidental, special, exemplary, or consequential damages
(including, but not limited to, procurement of substitute goods or services;
loss of use, data, or profits; or business interruption) however caused and on
any theory of liability, whether in contract, strict liability, or tort
(including negligence or otherwise) arising in any way out of the use of this
software, even if advised of the possibility of such damage.
